Warner Brothers and DC comics are
absolutely obsessed with creating their
own cinematic universe much like Marvel
has done over the past few years Man of
Steel the recent Superman movie was
their first attempt at creating such an
interconnected universe we all know that
the next Superman movie will feature
Batman in what capacity though we're not
quite sure will it be a team up will
they be fighting against each other or
will Batman be absent altogether with
only Bruce Wayne playing into the story
that last option is the one I'm hoping
for and it's also the least likely to
happen so I'm not getting my hopes up
but why are they so determined with
Superman and Batman into a single movie
especially since Man of Steel was the
first really successful Superman movie
in decades even though it performed well
below Warner Brothers expectations well
that's the reason right there Batman is
a license to print money for Warner
Brothers Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight
trilogy grossed almost 2.3 billion
dollars worldwide Man of Steel has taken
in 662 million worldwide which is
definitely respectable but nowhere near
the numbers for the dark knight or the
dark knight rises so you take that man
who can bring in a fortune and Superman
who does pretty well at the box office
on his own and throw them together and
voila there you have the beginning of
the DC Cinematic Universe but the
problem is that Batman is really the
only DC character that has consistently
done well at the box office Superman has
been hit-or-miss at best Green Lantern
was an absolute disaster to say the
least and they haven't really had the
guts to put anyone else on the silver
screen no matter how many times people
cry for a Wonder Woman movie so Warner
Brothers in DC are basically betting the
farm that a Superman and Batman team-up
will bring in billions of dollars and to
be perfectly honest they're probably
right but it's going to take a lot of
work to create a cinematic universe that
can realistically feature characters
like Batman Superman the Green Lantern
Wonder Woman in the flash let alone
Aquaman movies are not comic books and
sometimes the suspension of disbelief is
a little harder to come by I know that
DC wants a sin
matic universe that can compete with
Marvel but I think they may be going
about it in the wrong way Batman is the
only DC character with a proven track
record in feature films so why not milk
that property I'm not saying that they
should just blindly make more Batman
movies because I along with a lot of
other people feel that Batman is a
little overexposed but there are plenty
of characters within the Batman universe
that are right for cinematic betrayals
they could create a cinematic universe
based entirely around Batman characters
such as Robin Batgirl Nightwing Batwoman
even Commissioner Gordon they could even
have the story follow on directly from
the Dark Knight trilogy Batman is gone
yes but crime still exists so other
people have to take up the mantle of
crime fighter in Gotham City and the
surrounding areas so the characters
could easily interact with each other DC
and Warner could beat marvel to the
punch by having that woman be the first
major LGBT superhero to hit the big
screen and they could have different
tones depending upon which characters
are in each movie such as lighter tones
for Batgirl and Robin appealing to a
younger demographic making it safe for
you to bring the small kids to movies
again and have darker tones for
Commissioner Gordon batwoman Nightwing
more in line with man of steel and the
dark knight series and if the person
playing Robin wants to leave the series
no problem there have been so many
different characters betraying the Boy
Wonder in the comics that an actor
change would be very little and could
quickly be explained away and you
wouldn't have to spend a whole lot of
time in each movie introducing new
villains because Batman's most
well-known villains frequently spill
over into these other characters stories
there is so much potential here but it's
like it hasn't even been considered by
the people at Warner Brothers had they
done this instead of Batman vs Superman
they might have even avoided the whole
Ben Affleck backlash and we would all be
better off so what do you guys think do
you think the Batman Cinematic Universe
is a more realistic goal for Warner in
DC or do you think they can actually
pull off a Justice League movie within
the next couple of years let me know in
the comments below
don't forget to Like and subscribe and I
will be back soon with another episode